Extra arg handling in launch-xrd (#10)
ios-xr/xrd-tools: CHANGELOG.md

The v1 release supports Cisco IOS-XR release version 7.7.1.
It is planned to support 7.8.1 when this version is released.

### v1.0.5 (2022-12-02)

> - In `launch-xrd` script, new way to pass extra args to container manager. `--args` is no longer required. Every unknown arg to the script will be passed to the container manager. IMG now has to be the last argument to the script.
> - `--args` is still supported for backwards compatibility, but will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording (I think these two points make more sense as a single point).
```suggestion
- In the `launch-xrd` script the mechanism for passing extra args to the container manager has changed. The `--args` argument is no longer required - every unrecognised argument will be passed to the container manager. The container image must now be passed as the last argument to the script. The `--args` method is still supported for backwards compatibility, but will be removed in the future.
```

- Update cgroup check in `host-check` and remove corresponding "Systemd mounts" check (no longer required for XR 7.8.1 onwards)
- Remove hard requirement for cgroups v1 in `host-check` (cgroups v2 supported for lab use)

> ### v1.0.5 (2022-12-02)

Reviewer: should be v1.1.1
